services/horizon/internal/docs: Update API docs for 1.0.0. (#2253)
stellar/go: services/horizon/internal/docs/reference/resources/account.md

| asset_type    | string           | Either native, credit_alphanum4, or credit_alphanum12.                        |
| asset_code     | optional, string           | The code for the asset.                       |
| asset_issuer     | optional, string           | The stellar address of the given asset's issuer.  |

> | is_authorized     | optional, bool           | The trustline status. If unauthorized, you are not allowed to receive this type of asset.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| is_authorized     | optional, bool           | The trustline status. If `false`, you are not allowed to send or receive this type of asset.   |
```

> | is_authorized     | optional, bool           | The trustline status. If `false`, you are not allowed to send or receive this type of asset.   |

Reviewer 2: Can you go ahead and format the table here so it lines up in the markdown? I think there's a plugin that can do this.
